I'm aboard the Sunseeker Predator 68
mark 2 and this is a really cool boat
look at this carbon top this is a step
up from the 57 they've added this
amazing carbon fiber top with a sunroof
that opens and it is almost a hundred
square feet so brings a ton of light and
air down below now the trend and all
these high-end boats is that they open
up the inside and the outside and the
doors again they open up and they drop
down into the engine room so you have a
nice flow you have a great cockpit
outside and then this really enormous
u-shaped settee a beautifully finished
dinette two-port and this amazing dual
seat helm that really is a command pod
and continuing with the concept of light
down below take a look at this luxurious
master stateroom
not only is there indirect lighting
above but you have these two fixed
windows and each one has an opening port
so that brings in both light and air
below check out the Sun secret Predator
68 mark 2 and boats calm
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters